// 255 maximum characters
// xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxxxxxx|xxxxx

o Be a Servant
1 Peter 4:10
God has given each of you a gift from his great variety of spiritual gifts. Use them well to serve one another.
1 Peter 5:5
In the same way, you younger men must accept the authority of the elders. And all of you, serve each other in humility, for "God opposes the proud but favors the humble."
1 Timothy 5:8
But those who won't care for their relatives, especially those in their own household, have denied the true faith. Such people are worse than unbelievers.
2 Timothy 2:24
A servant of the Lord must not quarrel but must be kind to everyone, be able to teach, and be patient with difficult people.
2 Corinthians 5:17
This means that anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun!
Colossians 3:12
Since God chose you to be the holy people he loves, you must clothe yourselves with tenderhearted mercy, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience.
Galatians 5:13
For you have been called to live in freedom, my brothers and sisters. But don't use your freedom to satisfy your sinful nature. Instead, use your freedom to serve one another in love.
James 4:6
But he gives us even more grace to stand against such evil desires. As the Scriptures say, "God opposes the proud but favors the humble."
James 4:7
So humble yourselves before God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
James 4:8
Come close to God, and God will come close to you. Wash your hands, you sinners; purify your hearts, for your loyalty is divided between God and the world.
John 3:30
He must become greater and greater, and I must become less and less.
John 13:4-5
So he got up from the table, took off his robe, wrapped a towel around his waist, and poured water into a basin. Then he began to wash the disciples' feet, drying them with the towel he had around him.
John 13:14-15
And since I, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you ought to wash each other's feet. I have given you an example to follow. Do as I have done to you.
Mark 10:43-44
But among you it will be different. Whoever wants to be a leader among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be first among you must be the slave of everyone else.
Mark 10:45
For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many.
Mark 9:35
He sat down, called the twelve disciples over to him, and said, "Whoever wants to be first must take last place and be the servant of everyone else."
Matthew 23:11-12
The greatest among you must be a servant. But those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.
Matthew 6:33
Seek the Kingdom of God above all else, and live righteously, and he will give you everything you need.
Philippians 2:3
Don't be selfish; don't try to impress others. Be humble, thinking of others as better than yourselves.
Philippians 2:4
Don't look out only for your own interests, but take an interest in others, too.
Philippians 2:7-8
Instead, he gave up his divine privileges; he took the humble position of a slave and was born as a human being. When he appeared in human form, he humbled himself in obedience to God and died a criminal's death on a cross.
Proverbs 3:5-6
Trust in the Lord with all your heart; do not depend on your own understanding. Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.
Proverbs 10:8
The wise are glad to be instructed, but babbling fools fall flat on their faces.
Proverbs 16:9
We can make our plans, but the Lord determines our steps.
Proverbs 16:18
Pride goes before destruction, and haughtiness before a fall
Psalm 19:14
May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing to you, O Lord, my rock and my redeemer.
Psalm 51:10
Create in me a clean heart, O God. Renew a loyal spirit within me.
Romans 12:10
Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other.
